right way so I just made the diff make
it directly right that's pretty much
done Teen Vogue is now I've had a
problem I refer you smart world and i
unfreeze these two gears they just fly
off and go where if they like like
they're not welded so that happens now
I'll look like a moron it's not gonna
happen wall as well and then these ya
gotta know collide just use no cloak
milky oak like that that that and this
outlet panel don't forget the outer
because when the spins will try and hit
that never give it a little spin then
through now if I grab that gear all the
power goes the opposite gear grab that
gear all the pair goes the other gear
that's how a diff is handy when you turn
a corner the inside wheel has more grip
when the outside will to go faster so
turn faster because the diff allows it
isn't that amazing children so that's
your diff same action here we have two
massive wheels this is a slightly
reinforced design because they're these
two blocks in and by kip the cage cage
weighs 500 is everything welded to it
hits zero no no i didn't unfreeze
everything there you go zero I've just
got this done off a thruster wheel and a
couple thrusters on a wheel just to spin
everything around so I grabbed this
wheel that wheel spins for a grab this
wheel starts the upper wheel spin it's
really hard to see when you have it all
running let me spin these up because if
not I try to look backwards
yes the big rear gear does skip a lot
you can fix it by making it heavier so
if I turn you can see the middle gear
just so crawls around a little not a lot
because this is deciding not to work
properly there it goes you can see the
middle wheels just slowly making its way
around because we're only doing point
three of them I'll brow and the whole
thing's giving if you regularly is way
more it will work better the more gears
way the more power you can sunk through
only from is the only way and we'll pay
you need sunk through took these weigh
like a thousand that need a lot more
power to spin them apparently it's just
a four wheel with two thrusters bolted
to it let's give this a shot I should
work nicely hmm fire that up sticking
fast clutch of things start colliding
okay
we as you can see they're both spinning
out weird rate because they both have
the same amount of grip which were the
spinning opposite directions / def if
you if both wheels off the floor and you
spin one the other one will spin the
opposite direction if I stand over here
you can see this gear is this wheels
move if I grab that wheel starts to move
it's not amazing I now grab this wheel
that one should start remove any less
I've got to unfreeze this gear this
whole thing doesn't work quite right
because it's all a bit wobbly after
being duped so many times that's your
basic little diff not bad for five
minutes there's a bit wobbly and you can
probably make it better by making the
whole thing weigh a lot more but it
seems to work for me I mean it makes my
truck go sort of a thought fires working
eventually this thing will start going
forward and form is way so bloody much
it takes about five minutes to stop
wobbling let's give it a little hand and
the diffs work away quite Maryland spin
the whole thing eventually goes forward
seeing that gives locked up now because
both these will have the same amount of
grip then it for me is a bit wobbly as i
say more weight and it'll probably work
a bit bear I can't be asked to make it
work any better because I currently
really need a crap because I'm not
feeling well but none of you really care
about that anyway the stiff takes about
five minutes to make you put a fair
whack power for if you twiddle with it a
bit more again this designer be a bit
better with the extra little plates and
lasting you can make this rear plate no
collide it all if you want to bust out
the know Clyde gun and right click let
it go isn't it may
flames death and destruction and for me
it's got all the power of wet fart
anyway my name is begun I attempt to
build cool crap yes it still that off
Sarah spent oh I don't care because I'm
Adam and I'm in no way original more